central-and-western-district.wav	Central District, as Victoria City, was the first area of planned urban development in Hong Kong during the colonial era. The British held a land sale in June eighteen forty-one, six months after the flag was raised at Possession Point. A total of fifty one lots of land were sold to twenty three merchant houses to build offices and warehouses.
eastern-district.wav	It is located in the north-eastern part of the Hong Kong Island and includes the areas of Fortress Hill, North Point, Braemar Hill, Quarry Bay, Tai Koo Shing, Sai Wan Ho, Shau Kei Wan, Heng Fa Chuen, Chai Wan and Siu Sai Wan.
islands-district.wav	Many islands of Hong Kong are actually not part of the district. Most notably, Hong Kong Island contains four districts itself. The term Outlying Islands tends to refer to the islands of the Islands District. The northeast point of Lantau and Ma Wan traditionally belong to Tsuen Wan District owing to their administration and transportation dependence of Tsuen Wan.
kowloon-city-district.wav	Kowloon City district covers approximately area of one thousand hectares, and is mainly a residential area with the majority of its population living in private sector housing, including old tenement buildings, private residential developments and low-rise villas, while the rest of them mainly live in public rental housing and the Home Ownership Scheme estates.
kwai-tsing-district.wav	Kwai Tsing did not exist as a standalone district when Hong Kong's District Boards were formed in the early ninteen eighties. It remained as a part of Tsuen Wan district until ninteen eight-five. The newly created district was known as Kwai Chung and Tsing Yi District until ninteen eighty-eight, when its name was shortened to Kwai Tsing District.
kwun-tong-district.wav	Kwun Tong District borders Sai Kung District to the east, Wong Tai Sin District to the north, and Kowloon City District to the west. To the south is Victoria Harbour, and the Eastern District directly across on Hong Kong Island.
north-district.wav	According to statistics, seventy percent of the district population lives in the public estates in the Fanling-Sheung Shui new town. forty thousands villagers living around the two town centres and the main rural towns (Sha Tau Kok and Ta Kwu Ling) account for most residents in the district.
sai-kung-district.wav	Sai Kung Town is a former fishing village. The designation of the country park areas during the ninteen seventies was a huge boost to the local tourist industry. Sai Kung town underwent significant expansion during the ninteen seventies when the High Island Reservoir and associated water scheme required some villagers and fishermen to be rehoused in Sai Kung.
sha-tin-district.wav	Sha Tin was formerly named Lek Yuen, literally meaning the "source of trickling" or "source of clear water". The area of the present day Sha Tin was populated before the Ming Dynasty. As the Shing Mun River runs across the district, most local residents were farmers and relied on agriculture for living. In fifteen seventy-nine, Tai Wai Village, the oldest and largest walled village in the district was built. Several other villages were built along the river after Tai Wai Village.
sham-shui-po-district.wav	Sham Shui Po was already a densely populated district in the ninteen fifties and ninteen sixties. It is poverty-stricken, having the lowest median monthly domestic household income among the eighteen districts. It has the highest percentage of elderly people over 65 years. The percentage of new immigrants is also very high. Living conditions of grass-roots families in this district remain a social issue.
southern-district.wav	The Southern District faces the South China Sea at the south, and is backed by hills and reservoirs, designated as Country Parks, at the north. The eastern half of the district is semi-rural, with some of Hong Kong's most popular beaches. The western half of the district is partly residential and partly industrial.
tai-po-district.wav	The Tai Po area also has many "village houses", resulting from a ninteen seventy-two Hong Kong legislation which gave any male heir over the age of eighteen who could prove he was descended from one of Hong Kong's original villages in eighteen ninty-eight the right to build a small house on a plot of land, either owned by the village itself or on leased government land.
tsuen-wan-district.wav	The district was set up in ninteen eighty-two covering the present-day Tsuen Wan District and Kwai Tsing District. Kwai Chung and the island of Tsing Yi were split from Tsuen Wan District in the mid-ninteen eighties, and subsequently formed a new district known as Kwai Tsing.
tuen-mun-district.wav	In ninteen seventy-four, Tuen Mun District Office, part of the District Administration, was established. In ninteen eighty-two, the Tuen Mun District Council (at first known as Tuen Mun District Board) was established as part of the political reform of the district-level government.
wan-chai-district.wav	The area colloquially known as Wan Chai is often referred to the area surrounding Tonnochy Road and the Wan Chai Station of the M T R, which is located between Admiralty on the west and Causeway Bay on the east. Wan Chai North, where major buildings such as the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre and Central Plaza are located, refers to the area north of Gloucester Road, reclaimed from the sea after the ninteen seventies.
wong-tai-sin-district.wav	Wong Tai Sin is served by Lung Cheung Road and the Kwun Tong Line of the M T R metro system. The stations are Lok Fu, Wong Tai Sin, Diamond Hill and Choi Hung. The old airport was located just behind this district.
yau-tsim-mong-district.wav	The district was once called Yau Ma Tei District. It was renamed Yau Tsim District from first April ninteen eighty-eight to "remove any misconception that Tsim Sha Tsui was an administrative district separate from Yau Ma Tei". Yau Tsim District and Mong Kok District were merged in ninteen ninety-four to form the new Yau Tsim Mong District.
yuen-long-district.wav	Two new towns have been developed within this district. Yuen Long New Town was developed from the traditional market town of Yuen Long Town from the late ninteen seventies. Tin Shui Wai New Town has developed since the early nineteen nineties, and is built on land reclaimed from former fish ponds once common in the district.
